Move and update codec.MarshalAny functions to codec.Marshaler interface (#8080)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* (version) [\#7848](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7848) [\#7941](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7941) `version --long` output now shows the list of build dependencies and replaced build dependencies.

### State Machine Breaking Changes
* (x/upgrade) [\#7979](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/7979) keeper pubkey storage serialization migration from bech32 to protobuf.

### Bug Fixes

* (crypto) [\#7966](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/issues/7966) `Bip44Params` `String()` function now correctly returns the absolute HD path by adding the `m/` prefix.

### API Breaking

* [\#X](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/X) Updated the `codec.Marshaler` interface

>   * Moved `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` helper functions to `codec.Marshaler` and renamed to `MarshalIfc` and `UnmarshalIfc` respectively. These functions must take interface as a parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneath they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Moved `MarshalAny` and `UnmarshalAny` helper functions to `codec.Marshaler` and renamed to `MarshalInterface` and `UnmarshalInterface` respectively. These functions must take interface as a parameter (not a concrete type nor `Any` object). Underneath they use `Any` wrapping for correct protobuf serialization.
```

### Improvements

> * [\#X](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/X)

Reviewer: PR number

>   * Created `IfcJSONMarshaler` interface and `NewJSONAnyMarshaler` - a helper method to use codec.(Un)marsjalJSON withing a client context.

Reviewer: this is not the case anymore, right?

Author: No, I will remove it. `IfcJSONMarshaler` is not needed anymore.
